Sebastian tests his rollator model "Speed Jazz". He gently strokes the palm of his hand over the handles and rods of the rollator. Sebastian has opted for the latest model. He wants to be agile, speedy, to re-unfold the freedom to enjoy the recovered life. "You will all experience it! I will regain my old physical fitness in no time. I will train hard. I will grow beyond myself, bursting with power. Every day. Mind and body . "
 
Driven by the desire to return as quickly as possible to his old life, he has already started his research on the subject of rollators, the rollable walker in old age, in the hospital with the nurses and caregivers. Susanna, a particularly dear sister, gave Sebastian her first training in internet research during her free time. After their duty, they both sat in front of the computer a few times and googled the various models, test winners, test reports from the rollators on the market. The variety of designs, extras, Sebastian in pure astonishment. That was like the right cars. He always wanted to have a brisk runabout, a Porsche convertible, his greatest wish for life.
 
Now he has not been able to afford a Porsche convertible with all kinds of extras all his life. He had always dreamed of it. Sometimes, during the rare visits to Vienna in the car dealerships, look out for it. One or two times he had been overtaken by his dream on the highway. With his small car, however, he had no chance to stay at the same height, as much as he also pressed the accelerator, he was unsuccessful. But now with the acquisition of the rollator had opened a chance, at least here he wanted the best, fastest, most sleek device. He could afford this acquisition with his rather high-paid civil service pension. Since he did not want to save contrary to his usual way. He wanted a high speed rollator with rear spoiler! White coat tires, high gloss polished rims of course included.
 
Susanna, the pearl, had already explained to him before the Internet research on the rollator, advantages and disadvantages, various models in various price ranges. Some of the room mates in the hospital reported on their experiences with the mobile walker. The range extended from the hated, sinister but useless device to a very passable walker, but rather intended for women, because they had to sit down more often or just made the purchases. Not really something for true men. The rollator was more of a woman thing.Now and then these things could be useful for men too. But only briefly, for example in the first few days after a prolonged hospital stay with knee or hip surgery. So the wisdom of aging men.
 
In this way, Sebastian had already acquired a very profound knowledge of rollators. One night, a carer showed him Tom, the free online encyclopedia, Wiki pedia. Tom entered the search term Rollator on Wikipedia . Sebastian was stunned by the wealth of information this encyclopedia offered. He picked up his reading glasses and studied the text on the screen. The walker was invented in 1978 by a Swede who was handicapped due to polio, he read. Only since the nineties, the rollator was also widespread in Germany and Austria.
 
Tom waited lovingly until Sebastian had read the first part, assured himself by asking if Sebastian would have understood everything. Then he scrolled down the text with the mouse. So Sebastian learned that there were so-called classics and those made of wood. He wanted a high speed classic with extras like wire basket, seat, tray, cup holder, stick holder, backrest. He also wanted a detailed, easy-to-understand manual, a high-quality braking system at the speeds with which he would go with his rollator in the future on beautiful sunny days, no in any weather along the Inn. Adjustable handles, stability. Agility.
 
Optically, his rollator had to be an absolute eye-catcher, of course. Profile wheels with white mantle tires and high-gloss polished rims was also a must have. Reflectors that made him clearly visible on the road. Agility, lightness, stability while driving, a padded easily adjustable seat. Maybe there was a retractable seat, so you could offer a seat next to a lady. One never knew with which attractive women a man suddenly became acquainted with his Rollator-Fahrtfahrt. Life certainly had many pleasant surprises in store for him.
