Step 4: After thoroughly revising 

Sebastian is delighted about his new rollator model, "Speed Jazz." He gently strokes the palm of his hand over the handles and rods of the rollator. Sebastian has opted for the latest premium model, which was the most expensive variant. Even in his age, he wants to be agile, walking speedy, to unfold the quality of life again and to enjoy the freedom of a recovered life. "Yes, I can! I will regain my old physical fitness in no time. I will train hard. I will grow beyond myself, bursting with power. Every day. Spirit and body!"

Driven by the desire to return as quickly as possible to his old life, he has already started in the hospital his research on the subject of rollators. The wheeled walker is exceptionally suited for aged people. Susanna, a particularly dear sister, gave Sebastian her first training in internet research during her free time. After her duty in the evenings, they both sat in front of the computer and googled the various models, explored the prize winners, and read together testimonials by rollator customers. The variety of designs and extras not only intrigued Sebastian but put him in pure astonishment too. Like with his beloved cars, there were a tremendous variety of choices out there in this specific market.  He always wanted to own a runabout, preferably a Porsche convertible.

He has not been able to afford a Porsche convertible with all kinds of extras during his whole life. He had always only dreamed of it. Sometimes, during rare visits to Vienna, he visited several car dealerships, to look out for it. One or two times, he did a trial run with the Porsche. Nobody had been able to overtake him in its dream car on the highway. With his small vehicle, however, he had never a chance to compete with fast cars, no matter how much as he pressed the accelerator. But now with the acquisition of the rollator had opened a new opportunity. At least in this aspect, he wanted the best, fastest, most sleek device. The best of it: It was not only an ambitious dream. With his rather high civil service pension, he could afford this acquisition.  In this particular case, he did not want to save up money, as it is his usual way. He wanted a high-speed rollator with the rear spoiler! White coat tires, high gloss polished rims included, of course.

Bevor Sebastian started with the research on the Internet, Susanna, his beloved sister, had already explained to him the advantages, and disadvantages of various rollator models in different price ranges. Some of the roommates in the hospital reported on their experiences with the mobile walker. The range extended from the cheap but rather useless vehicles to the very comfortable devices but rather intended for women.  On these models, you could sit down comfortably and stack your groceries. Not really something for true men in its best years! These kinds of rollators were just women's matter. Now and then these models could be useful for men too. But only briefly, for example in the first few days after a prolonged hospital stay with knee or hip surgery. 

Resulting from the explanations by his sister,  Sebastian had already acquired a very profound knowledge of rollators. One night, a carer, Tom, showed him Wikipedia, the free online encyclopedia. Tom entered the term "Rollator" in the search bar on Wikipedia. Sebastian was stunned by the wealth of information this encyclopedia offered. He picked up his reading glasses and studied the text on the screen. The rollator was invented in 1978 by a Swede who was handicapped due to polio, he read. Only since the nineties, the rollator became more widespread and was also available in Germany and Austria.

Tom waited patiently until Sebastian had read the first part on the screen, then he scrolled down the text with the mouse. Sebastian learned that there were the so-called classics models and those made of wood. He wanted a high-speed classic with extras like wire basket, seat, tray, cup holder, stick holder, backrest. His rollator has to have included a very detailed but easy-to-understand manual. But especially essential for him was a high-quality braking system because on beautiful sunny days he intended to go briskly along the Inn river. Furthermore, adjustable handles for stability and agility.

Optically, his rollator had to be an absolute eye-catcher, of course. Profile wheels with white mantle tires and high-gloss polished rims was a must-have, also reflectors that made him clearly visible on the road. Agility, lightness, stability while driving and a padded easily adjustable seat was on his wish list too. Maybe there was also a retractable seat, so you could offer a position next to a lady? One never knew with which attractive lady a man suddenly became acquainted during his rollator ride. Life has undoubtedly still many pleasant surprises in store for him.
